OSDOCS-6154: update networking gateways MicroShift 4.14 (#63996)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-configuring-ovn.adoc

$ cat /etc/microshift/ovn.yaml.default
----
+
.Example 'yaml' configuration file with default maximum transmission unit (MTU) value

[source,yaml]
----
mtu: 1400
----

> . To customize your configuration, you can change the MTU value. The table that follows provides details:

Reviewer: Totally up you you, but just a wording suggestion
```suggestion
. To customize your configuration, the following table provides details for how you can change the MTU value:
```

|Description
|Example

|mtu
|uint32
|auto
|MTU value used for the pods
|1300
|===
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
If you change the `mtu` configuration value in the `ovn.yaml` file, you must restart the host that {product-title} is running on to apply the updated setting.
====

> .Example custom `ovn.yaml` configuration file

Reviewer 2: Maybe tuck this example under the note?

Author: @mburke5678 I don't understand this merge review. You want me to remove the line space? Can you link me to the repo requirement for that, please? I am unfamiliar with the guidance. My understanding is that a line space is needed after the closing of the note? In any case, I hooked these piece together, if that's what you intended?
